Re-connecting WPCOM Account - Add the re-connecting flow (#1385)
woocommerce/google-listings-and-ads: src/Tracking/README.md

    -   `id`: (tooltip identifier)

-   `wordpress_account_connect_button_click` - Clicking on the button to connect WordPress.com account.

>     -   `context`: (`setup-mc`|`reconnect`) - indicate the button is clicked from which page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   `context`: (`setup-mc`|`reconnect`) - indicates from which page the button was clicked.
```
